{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red16\green32\blue78;\red234\green88\blue12;\red29\green78\blue216;\red26\green28\blue32;\red107\green114\blue128;\red234\green179\blue8;\red5\green150\blue105;\red219\green39\blue119;\red124\green58\blue237;\red217\green119\blue6;}
\viewkind4\uc1
\pard\qc\sa40{\cf1\b\fs52 Nicky's World Cup Pool}\par
\pard\qc\sa220{\cf5\b\fs18 OFFICIAL RULES    \'95    2026 FIFA WORLD CUP}\par
\pard\sa80{\cf3\b\fs24 THE PLAYERS}\par
\pard\sa180\fs22 {\cf2\b Nicky}\tab {\cf6\b Gary}\tab {\cf7\b Gabey}\tab {\cf8\b Diccy}\tab {\cf9\b Lee}\tab {\cf10\b Reilly}\par
\pard\sa80{\cf3\b\fs24 THE FORMAT}\par
\pard\sa180\fs20 Six participants each draft six national teams before the tournament. The 2026 World Cup features 48 teams in 12 groups of four; the top two of each group plus the eight best third-placed teams advance to the Round of 32. You score points for your teams all tournament long \'97 your total is the sum of points earned by your six teams.\par
\pard\sa80{\cf3\b\fs24 SCORING}\par
\pard\sa40{\cf3\b\fs22 Standard}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 Group stage win\tab{\cf3\b 2}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 Group stage draw\tab{\cf3\b 1}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 Round of 32 win\tab{\cf3\b 3}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 Round of 16 win\tab{\cf3\b 3}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 Quarterfinal win\tab{\cf3\b 4}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 Semifinal win\tab{\cf3\b 5}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 3rd-place match win\tab{\cf3\b 1}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 Final win\tab{\cf3\b 6}\par
\pard\sa40\sb160{\cf2\b\fs22 Bonus}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 1st place in group\tab{\cf2\b 3}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 2nd place in group\tab{\cf2\b 2}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 3rd place & advance to knockout\tab{\cf2\b 1}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 All your teams advance to knockout\tab{\cf2\b 3}\par
\pard\tqr\tx5040\fs20 A team wins all 3 of its group games\tab{\cf2\b 1}\par
\pard\sa80\sb160{\cf3\b\fs24 HOW IT WORKS}\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\sa70\fs20 {\cf2\b\'95}\tab Each of your six teams scores on its own; add them up for your running total.\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\sa70\fs20 {\cf2\b\'95}\tab Group placement bonuses are awarded once each group concludes.\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\sa70\fs20 {\cf2\b\'95}\tab Knockout matches decided on penalties count as a win for the side that advances.\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\sa70\fs20 {\cf2\b\'95}\tab The "all teams advance" bonus (+3) needs all six of your teams to reach the Round of 32.\par
\pard\sa80\sb160{\cf3\b\fs24 STANDINGS, TIEBREAKERS & DAILY BRIEFING}\par
\pard\sa180\fs20 Standings are ranked by total points. Ties are broken at the commissioner's discretion (suggested: whose teams reached the furthest stage); Nicky is commissioner. Every morning, all participants receive a recap of the previous day's results and points, the updated standings, and that day's fixtures with each team's owner \'97 plus a live tracker page kept current throughout the day.\par
\pard\qc\sb280{\cf5\fs17 Nicky's World Cup Pool    \'95    2026 FIFA World Cup    \'95    June 11 \'96 July 19, 2026}\par
}
